# hello-world

Hello Everyone.

I am new, as you can see. I don't know much right now, but I am just getting started. My father being a computer geek, I've always been interested in code and how it works. I know GitHub isn't exactly coding, but it's close to it and I would like to know more. I know I'm new and know basically nothing about what I'm doing, but like I said I want to continue to work on GitHub and how I could use it. I think it's inspiring to create something that no one has seen before and use it to maybe do something. Something that could maybe help someone. I don't know if what I do or make in this will do any good, or anything at all, but I'd like to think that someone is going to look at this and at the things that I've done and/or going to do and think that maybe I have something to offer. I hope that maybe I can show the world that I can do anything. I'll get there one day, and maybe people will look at this and say, "Isn't that the girl who..." Or "This girl is my idol." It sounds ridiculous, but I swear to it. You know, probably looking at this before you opened it, you probably weren't expecting this long paragraph about some wannabe girl, but I'm not just talking about me. This is about you. This is about all the people in the world who wanted to do something to make this world or country better, but didn't think they could. This is for the people who had something, a passion or a drive, something that made them want to be something to other people, an idol or a inspiration. I'm telling you that you can. That you can make a difference. That you can be that inspiration. That you can be something to someone. But I promise you that you won't become that if you're just sitting behind a screen. You need to get out there. Go out and see what you can make of this world. I hope you look back at this some day and realize that this note or letter or whatever you want to call it was the thing that you needed to become the person that you want to be. I'm sorry if this isn't what you wanted to read or something that you didn't really need, but it was what I need to say. I hope you become the passion that you seek. Or the person that you want to become. 

Signed By
~ HJS
